well the killing of hania comes hours
after an Israeli strike on lebanon's
Capital bayout at least three people
were killed a mother and two children
another 74 were injured the strike
partially destroyed a building in the
southern suburbs of hared that's a known
stronghold for the Iran backed Hezbollah
Group Well Israel's Army has said the
attack killed one of hezbollah's top
commanders fad Shakur Israel says the
Commander is responsible for Saturday's
attack on the occupied Golan Heights
Hezbollah has denied involvement in that
attack and has not confirmed his death
well Ali hasham joins us live now from
Beirut Ali so you've been covering this
since the war in Gaza uh began and
you're now based uh in Beirut uh what
what what's happening where you are now
Alias people wake up to this news about
Ismael hania the political lead of Hamas
being killed in Iran what's what's
what's been the response there what's
going through people's
minds well Darren this was a shocking
news actually for many people especially
that it came after few hours from
another Israeli assassination attempt
because till the moment we don't have
anyah confirmation that fad shukur known
also as M shukur was killed in the
attack in general giving the precedents
over the past years hasah will issue
statements immediately after uh
informing the families of whoever is
being targeted but it's it's been hours
now and hasah didn't issue a statement
this could be for several reasons he
could be injured with uh very uh
critical uh uh wounds he he could be
maybe not there or there are some
preparations that is doing so we don't
know mainly why hasah hasn't issued a
statement yet this is on one side with
respect to what happened in tan
intertwined with what's happening in
Beirut this is this is a very big
picture right now and uh this is making
the stakes very high not only for the
leaderships not only for hisbah in
Lebanon not only for Iran but even for
the people of the region because this is
alarming actually that there might be
something bigger than what's already
happening and we saw just a few months
ago when Israel uh targeted an Iranian
Consulate in Damascus how the region
went into a war status for a few days
and then we saw the Iranian at attack
the Iranian retaliation on Israel so
right now everyone is anticipating we
have two parallel assassination two
parallel high ranking assassinations
also this has another angle to look at
it killing someone like SM Hanah the
leader of Hamas in
in in tan killing him in tan means a lot
for the leaders of what's known as the
axis of resistance led by by Iran that
means that there is no safe haven for
them because even if they're in tan
someone is going to uh Target them this
this means a lot not just for Hamas it
mean for hisbah it means for the hthis
for the Iraqis so this is also raising a
lot of of of questions and if we go to
the to the bigger picture on how this is
going to be reflected on this whole
conflict we are actually in the middle
of maybe one of the biggest conflicts in
the history of the region very
intertwined very multi-layered and uh
there are several fronts engaged in it
whether directly or indirectly whether
in support or uh uh like now in Lebanon
the situation is becoming more like a
direct confrontation so how this is
going to be uh reflected these These are
also what people are thinking of because
this will have direct impact on on their
lives this will have direct impact on
their stability so the problem is that
everyone is seeing right now Israel
dragging Iran into this conflict
directly because an attack on Iranian
soil would mean an Iranian retaliation
just as we saw in the attack in Damascus
given the fact an Iranian consulate was
attack there's another thing to take
into consideration Darren this is the
first day for president m pesan in power
so it's a transitional period also in
Iran there is a a defense minister who
is inherited from the past cabinet so
there is no new one the President should
be appointing another one there is no
interior Minister it's just the outgoing
Minister H it's a it's a country in
transition at this moment and with such
a very big attack I mean the the the the
weight of the attack the new government
Maybe would need to take big decisions
that's why we are hearing right now that
the Supreme National Security Council in
Iran led by the Supreme Leader might be
convening now we we don't know whether
this is confirmed or not but at least
for now there are reports that the
Supreme National Security Council is
convening and whenever this council is
convening it's to take big decisions all
right Al's Ali Hashem live there from
the Lebanese Capital Beirut Ali thank
you for that
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
the latest news from Al jazer